There you are. Enjoy.
This is a single malt.
Are you sure?
-What's going on?
-Laura...
Is everybody OK? What happened?
Where's Damien?
-I'm so sorry. Laura.
-Oh. God!
-Oh. God no. no. no!
-Laura. look away.
Oh. please. no.
Come on. Harry. I don't think
it's too much to ask.
Distilleries strike deals
with pubs all the time.
It's a quid pro quid thing.
Quid pro quo.
What? That doesn't make
any sense. Quid for a quid. see?
Balfe's give me
their free whiskey.
I promote their fine beverage.
I make a profit
and they get free advertising.
It's a win-win-win.
Win-win.
I am not going to ask a widow
for free whiskey.
Great.
Looks like I'm gonna have
to do whiskey night
with that methylated spirit
stuff
Petra picked up in Tashkent.
-You coming. by the way?
-I have a headache that night.
Oh.
I haven't said which night yet.
Operating now
for about five years.
Thank you.
So. you were saying
that the fire brigade think
it's deliberate?
They found evidence of arson
and the pathologist said
that Damien had been struck.
The State Pathologist?
Pierce Kennedy?
-Yes.
-Oh.
Damien was murdered and the
police said the fire was started
to try to cover it up.
Do the police have any suspects?
That's why I'm here.
to be honest.
Their main suspect is me.
One of the Guards suggested
that we planned the fire
as an insurance job
and something went wrong.
And because I was home sick that
night. I don't have an alibi.
Everybody else
was at the staff party.
Did you kill him?
What?
God. no! I would never hurt him.
I wouldn't hurt anybody.
Why would they think
you need the insurance?
Damien and I and my brother Finn
took a gamble
a couple of years ago.
a different approach
to the business.
So. yes. money's tight.
But Balfe's has been
in our family for generations.
We got our distilling licence
from James II.
Practically everybody in
the village either works for us
or has someone
in the family who does.
Did the Damien or the company
have any enemies?
Weird things
have been happening.
A few weeks ago. one of our
trucks got run off the road
and we lost
most of that delivery.
Then. one of our batches
was tainted.
Then somebody made an anonymous
health and safety complaint about us.
Sabotage?
Damien was convinced
somebody was out to get us.
And now this.
Sorry. just give me a sec.
Do you believe her?
I think I do.
Did I ever mention
that I'm a fan of good whiskey?
Me too.
I am not asking her.
Bugger.
Oh. my God! It's 11am.
Charlie.
the alarm didn't go off.
-I didn't set the alarm.
-Why wouldn't you set the alarm?
-I'm not going anywhere.
-I have so much work today!
Oh. love. Are you all right?
Do you think
I did the right thing?
25 years and I just...
-packed it all in.
-It's not the first time
you've been disappointed
with the system. love.
But you need
to see the positives.
Look. Vivian said
it's a sabbatical. right?
And you've never had time off.
We can do some fun things. and
Lola's back for her hols soon.
I need some stuff done
around the house.
Just keep busy and if.
in a few weeks or months.
you change your mind...
-I won't change my mind.
-If you do. you can go back.
So. why not see this
as an opportunity?
Enjoy it. Have an adventure!
Mm.
You're right.
I have things I want to do.
Good.
Right.
I have to get a wriggle on.
I've probably missed
about 40 emails already.
I'll be in my office
if you need me. OK?
Don't worry about me.
She wasn't joking about the town
being reliant on the business.
"Home of Balfe's".
We should try some
with our lunch.
Good soup.
Yeah.
A single malt.
Food any good?
Mm. lovely. yes.
I should line my stomach.
I'm not used to whiskey.
That's very sensible.
Your accent. Tennessee?
Yes. ma'am. That's impressive.
She knows everything about
everything. It's a skill.
Oh. no. stop! Tennessee.
that's the home of bourbon.
Surely you must know a thing
or two about whiskey?
Well. Tennessee's also the home
of the Grand Ole Opry.
Doesn't mean I can hold a tune.
So. you here for business
or pleasure?
Very much pleasure.
I hear Balfe's
is one of the finest
independent distilleries
in Ireland.
I'm going on a tour tomorrow.
-You?
-Oh. a little business.
You know much about Balfe's?
Not as much as we'd like.
-Uh-huh. Novices like me.
-Mm. not quite.
Sir. your drink.
I should let you folks
finish your lunch.
Chuck Miller. by the way.
Harry Wild and Fergus Reid.
Friendly guy.
Yeah. he'll be friendly
until the fourth glass.
when he'll be maudlin
and depressed.
Did you notice
that he changed the subject
when I mentioned bourbon?
People like that
always make me suspicious.
Oh. everyone makes you
suspicious!
Can I get you guys
anything else?
Information.
About the fire at Balfe's.
-Do you know anything?
-I know it was a bloody tragedy.
Christ knows what this village
would do without that business.
The man who died.
did you know him?
He's an Aussie.
so we wouldn't know him
like we know
the rest of the village.
He seemed like a good chap.
You should talk to Moira about
him. She's the mammy up there.
Laura and Finn's mammy?
No. She's just the mammy.
We should add her to our list.
Look. we'll talk to her after we
speak to Laura's brother. Finn.
Our parents wanted
both of us to run this place.
Laura's always been the one
with her head screwed on.
She took the whole thing on.
I fecked off to Oz.
leaving her with all the work.
-She doesn't deserve this.
-Well. nobody deserves that.
Damien was Australian.
What did he do there?
He'd had a bit of a rough time
when we first met.
Found out his fiancée
was cheating on him.
He was heartbroken
and out of work.
Do the two usually go together?
Well. the fiancée owned
a sheep farm up north
and he worked on it.
We hit it off.
became best mates.
It was Damien who told me
it might be time to grow up.
That's when we came back here.
He and Laura met.
Hm. It was love at first sight.
Laura said
that you had money issues.
but you've been
turning it around?
The truth is. we were limping
along when Laura took over.
My dad was never
the greatest businessman
and a lot of the indies end up
selling to the bigger brands.
Laura had an idea for something
completely different.
She brought in
this new approach. terroir.
-Do you know what that is?
-Well. as it applies to wine.
The ground. the grape.
the environment. they all matter
-for the taste. right?
-Exactly.
We were celebrating the first
matured batch the other night.
when it happened.
This is the party
everybody but Laura was at?
-When did Damien leave?
-I honestly don't know.
I was behind the bar making sure
everyone had a drink.
I couldn't even get
to the toilet.
Who do you think
wanted him dead?
I don't know.
but I can tell you one thing.
My sister would never harm
a hair on his head.
Finn?
The police are here again.
They want to talk to you.
Will this never end?
-I'll leave you with Moira here.
-That's fine.
We wanted
to talk with her anyway.
Fancy trying a sup?
Yes!
Brought you a cup. love.
Oh. I'm actually still drinking
the last one.
Ah-ah-ah!
I've...
-been doing some research.
-Mm-hm?
Looking at hobbies
I could take up.
That's good. yeah.
I never had time for hobbies
with work.
There was always some case
I had to deal with.
But you're right.
you're dead right!
I should be enjoying this.
I should get back into running.
learn a language. read more.
-Sugar!
-Don't worry. Don't worry.
It's a lovely day out.
do you fancy a walk?
I really need to work. love. and I
have to meet a client soon. so...
Oh. Of course.
Well. I'll leave you to it.
I'll pop back in a while.
bring you a snack.
No. no. really. I can...
Do you have any lemonade
to mix with that?
Put hairs on your chest.
that will.
I hear you're the mammy here.
I started here
when I was a teenager.
so I'm here the longest.
I suppose I should be grateful
they're not calling me granny!
I saw Laura and Finn growing up.
Two wee dotes.
They've done a great job here.
Especially Laura.
Good head on her.
Laura and Damien
must have made quite the team.
Yeah. well...
That's what they say.
But Laura and Finn now. they're
putting this place back on the map.
Are they now?
Messing around with methods
nobody cares about.
Putting jobs at risk.
that's what that is.
They should sell up.
like the rest of the indies.
Give us some security.
You don't know
what you're talking about.
Pay no heed to Rick.
We're family in this place.
There have been a few over the
years who only see it as a job
and money - he's one.
He was hassling Damien.
looking for a pay rise.
-Was Damien in charge of that?
-He ran the payroll.
The business didn't
have it this year.
We all knew that.
We're in this for the long haul.
Harry!
I'm so sorry.
I asked you to come
and I've been run off my feet
all afternoon.
I have to make sure we can keep
the business open.
even with this investigation
going on.
Oh. we'll be back.
You make sure to watch yourself.
Of course.
Finn keeps making a fuss of me.
Typical protective brother.
I'll be grand.
No way!
Friendly bunch! Not one of them
has a bad thing to say
about the Balfe's or Damien.
-I'm thinking he was killed...
-By a spirit?
What?
I sensed Moira didn't like him.
Ah. She's fond of Laura
and Finn.
Maybe she just didn't rate him
for Laura.
thought she could do better.
Talking of love interests.
is it OK for you
being outside of Dublin?
-Don't you have dates planned?
-Believe me!
I'm not going on another dating
app for the rest of my life.
But I do have a plan. though.
OK? I'm gonna get Lola back.
I was an idiot. OK. I had
the best woman in the world
and I let her slip
through my fingers.
Ryan or no Ryan.
I am fixing that mistake.
Well. that's admirable.
Even if. apparently.
Lola has no agency in this.
What about you?
Is there a special. I dunno.
pathologist you might date?
I can't stand men
who can't make up their minds.
Anyway. I'm too old
to play games.
All right? Give us a pint there.
Mikey. will ya?
Rick. I think you've had enough.
I'm grand.
Give us a drink. will ya?
-I'm not serving you.
-Stop bothering me.
-Give us a pint. will ya?
-I'm not serving ya.
Finn. tell him to give us
a drink there. would ya?
Go and sober up!
-You're a bloody fool!
-Don't tell me what to do.
People had better
start taking me seriously.
I know things.
I'm gonna talk
if things don't change.
Rick. out.
Go to hell.
He has a temper on him.
Yeah. what did he mean.
he was gonna talk?
I don't know. We need to get him
on his own once he sobers up.
-I'm going to nip to the loo.
-All right. I'll see you back at the car.
Huh?
Look.
Hm.
Didn't Chuck say he was going
on the whiskey tour tomorrow?
Yep.
I guess we are. too.
Anybody home?
Oh! That's gorgeous!
Did I drive you crazy today?
I'm not used to being here
when you're working.
Not at all.
I wanted to do something special
for you. for giving me that pep talk.
I know it's not much.
I am king of the one-pot meal!
It's perfect.
Let me grab us a bottle of wine.
I'll sort out the dishwasher
when we're done.
Excuse me!
The chef doesn't clean up!
-I'll do it.
-OK.
One pot?
-What's wrong?
-You never told me you were coming over.
I thought somebody
was breaking in.
I would never
let anybody harm you.
I brought you dinner.
Come on. we'll eat
and then you're going to bed
and you're going to take one of
those pills the doctor gave you.
You need to sleep. Sis.
I'll kip on the couch.
You're safe. I promise.
Right! Welcome. everybody.
to our tour of Balfe's.
Now. I am sure some of you
will have heard
about our tragic fire recently.
but we are a family here at Balfe's
and we all pull together.
And what better way to show that
than by letting you see the love
and commitment
that we put into our product?
So. if you'd like to follow me.
Some people say
the process of whiskey making
starts here. in the still.
We press our barley here.
into what we call mash.
What do you mean "some people
say whiskey making starts here"?
Ah. well. see. we believe
that whiskey starts in the field
where the crop is grown.
You see. we don't just buy in
any old grain.
We select the finest
and we invest in the farmers
who grow it.
On today's show. we ask...
-Weren't you going for a run?
-Nah. Tendon's playing up.
-You're watching telly?
-Yep.
It's 10am.
I know. There's nothing on.
OK. guys. next we ferment
the wort with yeast.
which eats the sugar
and produces carbon dioxide
and alcohol.
Now. at this point.
the wash is around 8% alcohol.
and that is when we start our
three-step distillation process.
Now. triple distilling is. of
course. unique to Irish whiskey.
Don't you lose a lot in vapour
by going through three steps?
Er. not a lot. but that is true.
We lose around 2% of whiskey
every year
through evaporation over the
whole process. We call this...
-The angels' share.
-That's right.
So. when the wash goes
through the three pots.
the alcohol content rises
to around 80%.
-80%? That's rocket fuel!
-Yeah!
Well. from there.
it goes into barrels.
Now. we buy our barrels in
from America.
They've mostly been used
for bourbon.
so that lends another taste
element to our whiskey.
The newly made whiskey has to
be let mature for three years
in order to be called Irish.
-Where do you get your casks?
-Texas.
You should try Tennessee.
Smoother blends.
Right. well. the...
the warehouse where we keep
our barrels is just out back.
and that is where
we are going next.
You store your grain on site?
Can we see it?
-It's just vats of barley.
-Sounds fascinatin'.
Right. would you like
to join me. guys?
Chuck Miller
is only his nickname.
Indeed.
Let's go speak to Mr Miller.
shall we?
Down here. guys. Lots to
see if everybody keeps going.
Whiskey novice. my eye.
Charles A. Miller III?
You own one of the largest
distilleries in Tennessee.
Who are you? Who are you with?
-What do you mean who are we with?
-Are you another distillery?
We're private investigators.
We're here
to look into Damien's death.
The real question is.
what are you doing here
and why are you taking all these
notes about their practices?
Are you trying
to buy this place?
I was buying the place.
and then Laura Balfe
changed her mind.
Wait. Laura was going to sell?
I'd done a deal with them.
and now they're welching.
Well. then.
why are you coming here now?
Wait...
You're trying to see
what they're doing
in this distillery.
You want to steal their system.
Don't be ridiculous!
I buy and sell
small places like this.
If Balfe's agreed to sell
and are now backing out.
do you think it has something
to do with Damien's death?
I don't know. but that Rick guy
said that they should sell.
What if he knew about the deal
and got angry
when it wasn't happening?
We work with three farmers
in our local area.
We've examined their soil
and water supplies and we found
the pH levels are absolutely
perfect for our purposes.
Come on. take some.
Smell it.
Now. the whiskey-making process
is brutal.
but we believe you can smell
and taste the barley
through the whole time.
The DNA is maintained.
so it matters.
Oh. my God!
Get Johnny on the phone.
Tell him now.
The police have said
we have to close.
It'll be OK. pet.
It won't be for long.
Did they say what happened?
They think he was drowned in the
barley and then shoved inside a barrel.
Laura.
could you come with us. please?
I'm sorry. this is ridiculous!
Why are you picking on her?
Laura. don't say anything
to them.
I will sort out a solicitor.
all right. Laura?
-It's not good.
-I'll ask Finn what's happening.
And I'll try to find out
what's going on with her arrest.
I mean. if they brought her in.
it must be for a good reason.
even if they're wrong.
Charlie. darling!
-I need your help.
-I am sorta busy!
We're on a case
and the local Guards have their
eye on the woman who hired us.
I need you find to out
why they're focusing on her.
I told you.
I'm done with the police.
I need your help!
I don't have that kind
of access any more.
And besides. I have a lot on.
I've taken on a few new hobbies
and Orla has me doing stuff
around the house.
Oh. God.
He'll get right on it. Harry.
Send through the details.
That is it.
Huh.
This is not the sort
of sabbatical I had in mind.
You are going to clean up this place
and start doing something with your day!
And. for the love of God.
help your bloody mother!
-Charlie any help?
-He might be.
Well. I couldn't speak to Finn.
He was on the phone.
sorting a solicitor. I think.
We'll have to find him later.
Now. I did speak to one
of the distillers in there
about that batch of whiskey that
was tainted a few months ago.
Now. he says he's convinced
it was in-house.
because security is tight.
Do you think Rick
might been working with Chuck
and they planned
the sabotage between them?
And maybe he had to stop him
from spilling the beans.
I want the place
to be tidy when she gets home.
They're keeping her overnight?
They claim they have
new evidence.
Laura would never do any of
this. I mean. surely that's obvious.
Why won't they let her go?
We've been wondering if. um...
if Rick may be working
with someone
to sabotage the distillery.
We saw him speaking
with Chuck Miller.
-Who?
-The American on the tour today.
-He's Charles A. Miller III.
-What?
He owns one of
the largest distilleries.
-That's the one.
-He was there today?
He said that you and Laura
were...
were planning
to sell the distillery to him.
That's a lie. We'd never sell.
I've never even met the guy.
I swear.
I mean. I can see that.
Is it possible that Laura and
Damien planned to sell to him?
No. Laura would never
do that to me.
Damien was Finn's best mate. right?
Sure.
So. what if Laura wanted to sell
and keep it a secret from her brother
but Damien was struggling with it?
So. Laura killed her own husband
and hired us to investigate?
It wouldn't be the first time. right?
I mean. you remember that woman
who killed her own sister?
Look. the police are obviously
onto Laura.
Maybe...
Maybe she was hoping to send us
in a different direction.
-Right? Frame somebody.
-Like Rick.
But he's dead.
Why kill him. too?
Now. that I don't know.
but something is...
-Something's not right.
-Yeah. we have two dead bodies
and a suspect who's hired us
to investigate.
Something is
very not right here.
Oh. it's Charlie texting.
-It's a link to a video.
-What of?
Oh. it's from a dashcam from
a truck parked outside Balfe's.
Oh. shit!
-Harry. look at the date stamp.
-Yeah. the day he died.
That's why
the police are after her.
-What is it?
-See that?
No. what am I looking at?
It's the window in the building
behind them.
-Someone was watching them.
-Oh. pause it. Harry.
Tomorrow. go and see
if you can find that window.
The time stamp says 8am.
We need to find out
who was watching what happened
and why they never mentioned it.
I'll talk to Laura.
It was nothing.
Sometimes I'd say stupid things.
Do stupid things.
Damien was very patient with me.
Sometimes he'd lose his temper.
but it was my fault.
You can see
why the police suspect you.
Damien loved me.
He really did and I loved him.
I never would have hurt him.
Why didn't you tell Finn
that you were going to sell?
-I wasn't going to sell.
-To Charles Miller.
There was an agreement.
No. there wasn't.
Damien wanted to sell
because of all the bad things
that were happening.
I told him I'd think about it.
but I wouldn't
have gone through with it.
I was just worried because
we were having such bad luck
and he was so upset about it.
But we hadn't gone as far
as talking to anybody.
You know. Laura.
there's nothing you could say
or do that allowed Damien
to inflict personal harm on you.
you realise that?
Damien never hit me!
Everybody gets mad
in an argument.
He didn't do anything wrong.
That fight you had
was early in the morning.
Did you see anyone else
at Balfe's when it happened?
I didn't go in.
I went home. I was ill.
I didn't see anybody.
But Moira is usually the first
in. you could ask her? Why?
I just wondered
if somebody else saw that fight
and got angry at Damien.
It didn't look good.
That's it. I'm afraid.
You weren't ill
when you went home. Laura.
You were upset.
And you were right to be.
Sorry.
I'm not allowed to serve you.
Technically. we're still closed.
That's all right.
we came to speak to you.
Yeah. you're really fond
of Laura and Finn.
-That's not news.
-But not so much Damien.
-I just left Laura.
-Is she OK?
No. I don't think so.
She said things
that really worried me -
things about her
and Damien's relationship.
We really want to know
what he was like.
Well. I can't tell you anything.
Were you here that morning.
Moira?
I mean. did you see them
fighting in the car park?
I'm here every morning.
but I don't know
what you're talking about.
Well. if he was hurting Laura.
you're not doing her
any favours by protecting him.
Protecting him? As if I would.
I couldn't bloody stand him.
That man charmed his way in here
but I saw right through him.
He reminded me
of my first husband.
"All hail fellow well met"
to the outside world.
but a right controlling bastard
behind it all.
You think
he was controlling her?
I think Laura
is a very strong woman
and she was becoming
a shadow of herself.
She didn't even realise it.
Nobody did.
But I saw - saw from the start.
That window
was just on a corridor
so it could have been
anyone looking out.
Hm.
Have you heard of Gaslight
by Patrick Hamilton?
I mean. I've heard of the term.
It comes from the 1938 play.
The husband tricked the wife
for financial gain.
Oh.
And is that what happened here?
And then Laura killed him?
I mean. I don't think Laura had
it in her to kill him. but...
Moira was very fond of her
and Finn.
Speaking of.
Thanks for visiting Laura.
She needs all the support
she can get right now.
Well. we're giving her
whatever we can.
Finn. the night of the party.
did Moira leave
for any length of time?
Look. like I said before.
I was stuck behind the bar.
I couldn't tell you
who was in and out. Why?
No reason.
We. er...
We have to be somewhere.
I have to ask somebody
a very big favour.
Yeah. and I have an idea
of my own.
-About?
-I think there might be a way
to see if Moira
was missing that night.
I'm intrigued.
Whatever. man.
I'm an idiot!
He got back straight
away. I shouldn't have worried.
He's a decent man. no grudges.
-Even if I did break his heart.
-Ego much?
Hush!
Anyway. he had heard of the
sheep farm that Damien worked on
and he spoke to a contact
he had in the police up there.
Damien had no convictions.
but the police knew about him
not least because
of what happened on the farm.
Oh. and there's more!
Somebody has been asking
about Damien recently.
Oh. well. while your ex-knight
in shining armour was doing that
I was going through
every photograph taken
the night of the party
to see if Moira was missing.
Now. she wasn't.
but somebody was.
I think I know who it is.
Is it enough
to confront our suspect?
I need to confirm
the motive. Fergus.
For heaven's sake. what does
this have to do with me?
The police are closing
in on you.
They know you were working with
somebody to sabotage Balfe's
from the inside
so you'd get a quick sale.
That is complete horseshit.
They made a deal with me.
They're the ones in the wrong.
You keep saying "they"
but who do you actually mean?
Damien and Laura.
-Laura has no idea who you are.
-Who did you actually meet with?
Damien.
He was speaking for her.
Call me old-fashioned.
but where I come from.
men do the talking
when it comes to business.
Why were you talking to Rick
the other night?
The drunk guy?
Ah. he'd figured out who I was.
Said he had some information
to sell me.
I told him
I didn't buy information.
You say you only
do business with men.
Why not talk to Finn Balfe?
I had it on good authority
that he was a useless fool.
I don't deal with fools.
I'm sure that "good authority"
was Damien.
You know. for a man who prides
himself on his business acumen.
you really are quite the fool.
You should have spoken
to more women.
They'd have told you that.
Hey. hey. hey!
Look. I don't have time
for this. OK?
Finn. we know everything.
We know you killed Damien
and Rick.
Damien was my brother-in-law.
he was my best mate.
Which made what he did
so hard for you to understand.
He hurt your sister.
but your silence
is doing the same.
The sheep farm Damien worked on?
His ex-fiancée?
-He tried it over there. too.
-I have a contact in Australia.
The police never convicted him.
but they suspected Damien
to be a serial fraudster
of wealthy women.
Her family intervened
in that instance.
but he almost had her close
to marrying him and selling up.
You know. I was really happy
for him and Laura at first.
But I started
to see a change in her.
I think she was afraid to tell me
because he was my best friend. ha.
There was sabotage
on that sheep farm. too.
That was his M.O. I didn't know
anything about that then.
but I was getting suspicious
of his breakup story
and I knew there was something
going on with Laura.
You contacted
the police over there?
The day of the party.
I'd seen him fighting
with Laura that morning.
caught them when I was looking
out the window.
Let go! Let go!
The police in Australia
came back to me.
They told me what Damien was.
I had to confront him.
-Hey!
-Hang on. I gotta go. See ya.
Hey. mate. I was just gonna
come back and help. What's up?
-Who was that on the phone?
-Nobody. Just checking on Laura.
Oh. yeah? I've been making
a few calls of my own.
And I know
what you've been doing.
What are you on about. mate?
I know what happened
with your ex.
Are you drunk?
You're trying to sell this place
out from under us.
You've been sabotaging us.
All right.
you sound like a crazy man.
I brought you in!
I introduced you to Laura.
You just want to destroy us.
Shove off. mate.
Damien?
-Rick saw you?
-Yeah.
He was outside in the corridor.
Lurking in the darkness.
as usual.
He saw me come out.
then the smoke.
He tried to blackmail you.
I never meant to kill Damien!
But Rick?
I met him in the barrel storage
building that night.
Things got out of hand.
You drowned him in barley
and then led a tour
right through the place.
I didn't know
how to get him out.
I-I was waiting to move him.
What were you doing
in Laura's house?
Packing. They don't have
enough to hold her.
but they won't stop
until they do.
I bought us two tickets
to Thailand.
You really think your sister's
the type to run away?
I mean.
I hoped I might convince her.
but I guess it's all over now.
I'll hand myself in.
I swear. I would never put
the blame on Laura.
But I just thought the police
would see they were wrong.
And still you left her in there
for two nights.
He didn't mean it.
Any of it.
Maybe I should have said
something about Damien.
but I thought
it would get better.
That the man I'd first met
was still in there.
-Will you be OK?
-I have to be.
So many people rely on Balfe's.
Maybe I should just sell.
You'll do what's best.
You have good people around you.
Come on. pet.
Let's get you inside.
I really hope she doesn't sell
to that misogynistic arse.
Chuck.
I'd say. once she's had a chance
to process it all.
she'll realise
that she's had her fill
of men manipulating her.
It sounds like she's making a go
of keeping the business going.
-last we heard.
-Ah. fair play to her.
Hey. thanks for getting us
that video.
Oh. it turned the case around
for us.
See? Doesn't that feel good
to have helped?
It does and. actually.
I want to make an announcement.
-Orla's pregnant?
-Good God. Harry!
You've got a new job. right?
No. Well. yes. sort of.
Look. I was right
to hand in my notice.
take a sabbatical. whatever.
But I miss feeling like I've
done some good in the world -
solved a case.
got justice for somebody.
You're going back?
Oh. love! I think
that's the right thing to do...
I'm not going back!
I need to work. but on my terms.
I... have a new plan.
I'm going to join Wild Reid!
I'm going to work with you guys.
-Charlie dear. no...
-It's going to be brilliant!
Just like on this case.
You guys will really benefit...
-No. because that's...
-having an actual detective around.
I'll get the drinks
to celebrate. Woo!
Charlie. hold on a second.
please. Please!
What can I say?
He's your problem now.